And not only that.
He Kun Geng also pretended to call you
To deliberately intimidate me
Relying on Tang Yingcheng Demon
Bleeding to death at the ivy feast
And also starred in the battle to demean me and others in Beijing
It even wounded General Nian Nian
Regardless of you
Yes deception
This Wang Yan God of War was just dealing with this matter.
Tang Ying God of War
Tong Ziyuan colluded and brandished a knife at his own people
War God Yan has demoted War God Tang Ying
To Beijing Connemun
And exempt the name of the Tang family War God family
Yan Zhanshen to protect us
Maintaining the Order of God Experience
As a last resort, before the canonization ceremony begins
The Emperor's Order was used
It's really forced by the situation
This is the only way
But put it there
I don't know where I learned some crooked magic
How dare you attempt to attack?
This cup is not good
You must call the shots for us!
What this son just did is not right
There are many
The crime of unjust housewife
It is impossible for everyone to die
Damn yes
As soon as the opposing party Qin Fang entered the banquet hall
Ignoring the dissuasion of our hundreds of ethnic groups
Boldly put our family stamp
And the seal of merit dedicated to the Qing army
All destroyed
That is our twelve cities of hundreds of ethnic groups
Credentials of loyalty to the Qing army
Is it a symbol of our full strength?
Arrogant
He also said that he would destroy our Bai people
I don't know what magic method to use
Forcibly pulled out the Xuanyuan sword
It tarnished the purity of Xuanyuan Sword
It caused Xuanyuan Sword to recognize the wrong master.
Here, Wang, you can call the shots for us, Dai people.
Baizi has come to the world early
Clothes and clothing troubles over the years
Bullying beams and pressing mountains
Hope that there are no young people who must dream